Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has vowed to hunt down the
leaders of Hamas after the military said
it had recovered the bodies of six
hostages from a tunnel in southern Gaza
the militant group captured them during
the October 7th Terror
attacks one by one the names of the six
hostages are read out on isra TV
crushing the last hopes of their
relatives and Friends
a few hours ago we informed the families
that the IDF located the bodies of their
loved ones in an underground tunnel in
Rafa our initial assessment suggests
they were brutally murdered by Hamas
terrorists shortly before we reached
them they were kidnapped alive on the
morning of October 7th by the terrorist
organization
Hamas one of the hostages was 23y old
old Israeli American H Goldberg pollin
he was seized by Hamas militants at a
music festival in southern Israel during
the attack on October the
7th speaking to DW in December his
mother was full of hope he would soon be
released I pray all the time that I know
there are kind good gazen civilians who
are also caught in this horrible
situation that we're caught in and I
want to pray and hope that there's
someone kind there being kind to hirs
and to the other you know innocent
people who are also being held there in
a terrible
situation such words would resonate with
people at this rally in Tel Aviv held
just hours before the IDF announced it
found the six
bodies for months protesters have been
demanding a deal to release all
hostages they accuse the government of
putting its political survival above the
lives of Israeli
citizens all they care about is the
politics and they didn't approve to to
do a deal with the with Kamas and so our
loved ones are still there and currently
we don't see the Horizon and don't see
know when they will be back with us the
Israeli Prime Minister said the killing
of hostages showed Hamas didn't want the
deal
I say to the Hamas terrorists who
murdered our hostages and I say to their
leaders your blood is on your hands we
will not rest and we will not be silent
we will pursue you we will find you and
we will settle the score with you the
confirmed deaths of six more hostages
are likely to further Galvanize the
protests with the opposition already
vowing to bring Israel's economy to his
standstill journalist balik sedine has
more on this story for us from Tel Aviv
bik have additional details emerged
about this operation to recover the
bodies of the
hostages yes in the past couple of hours
Pathologists and professionals are
saying that the hostages were killed
between 48 to 70 hours ago which means
that we're talking about Tuesday evening
um while we're talking while excuse me
the cabinet was taking their decision on
the Israeli presence in the Philadelphia
C or not very far away from there in
Rafa they were murdered by Hamas
militants apparently and according to
the details uh they were found with the
head shot all of them uh alongside other
um like shots in other areas so they
were executed um another very important
detail that they were found uh um 20 M
underground in a tunnel just 100 just
excuse me 1 kilometer away from the
place that the IDF soldiers found an
alive hostage um two days before that so
maybe the Hamas milans when they sensed
or when they noted that the IDF troops
are getting closer to reaching the
hostages they murdered them in order not
to give this achievement to the Israelis
now this will be just devastating news
for families say their loved ones been
murdered after surviving almost 11
months in Hamas captivity how much of
that anger will also be directed toward
the Netanyahu government for not
securing a deal for their
release yes well uh yesterday evening I
was also present and covering the uh
event that happens every single Saturday
evening the hostages or the families of
the hostages hold that event every um
end of Shabbat and we can tell that the
anger tilts toward One Direction which
is the Israeli government they accuse
the prime minister of trisingular
[Music]
and also today they are planning into uh
they're planning to um um exceed or um
um just get this protest and demands for
the hostage deal bigger and bigger maybe
today and also during the week now today
Israeli opposition leader yayer Leed has
called for a strike to shut down
Israel's economy and an effort to
pressure the government to reach a deal
how influential do you think this might
be
yes we already number of businesses has
declared that they are um accepting this
strike and they're not going to be
operating in the next um 24 hours all of
these businesses are small to medium
businesses for now we're talking about
restaurants chains of restaurants and
cinema halls and maybe some malls but uh
the bigger issue here is the reported
meeting between the workers union um or
the head of the workers union in Israel
called the his is very powerful
organization in Israel with some of the
families of the hostages that want to um
convince him to uh call for a strike as
well if that happens and this meeting
should take place later today if that
happens then maybe that will put more
pressure but from what I understand that
according to the prime minister's office
um he's not um planning to change his
policy will continue to seek a hostage
deal but will not give up on any of the
Strategic assets that Israel already
holds the Philadelphia Corridor the
narim corridor and many of the things
that are considered to be an obstacle
for a deal and um the Israeli Prime
Minister and the government still thinks
that this is very important for
guaranteeing Israel's Security in the
future thank you so much for joining us
that is bik leadin in Tel
Aviv thank you